Statement of Work 
Project: Plug and Play Visual Landing Aid Accessory for UAVs 
Sponsor: Sightline Applications - Jeremy - jeremy@sightlineapplications.com
Advisor: Dr. Kravitz - roy.kravitz@pdx.edu


Definition of SOW:
        A statement of work (SoW) is a document routinely employed in the field of project management. It defines 
project-specific activities, deliverables and timelines for a vendor providing services to the client. The SOW 
typically also includes detailed requirements and pricing, with standard regulatory and governance terms and conditions

1. State the problem and the solution.
Currently, the integration of the Sightline Landing Aid for end users is problematic because of the difficulties of wire 
connections, software barrier, skills of users, and so on. Understandably, end-users bought the Landing Aid kits from 
Sightline want to just plug-in a piece of hardware and the drone would fly their mission, so they don’t need to have 
experience or any kind of special skills. Now, Sightline has been developing a good set of benefit for precision landing 
aid which includes working in degraded and denied GPS environments, supporting landing on moving platforms, not affected 
by bring sun and low light condition. Recognizing the need from the end-users and the current developed benefits, Sightline
want to develop a plug and play precision landing aid for UAVs and expect that this new project will be highly valuable to 
a wide range of multi-copter integrators.

2. Project requirements
Develop a set of electrical sub-assemblies that will allow integration of Sightline Precision Landing Aid (1500 OEM + Airborne 
Camera + accessories) for PX4 running on Pixhawk 4 autopilot.
Design and produce a prototype enclosure for the hardware. The enclosure should be smaller than 3” x 2” x 2”
Develop documentation and software installers to meet plug and play expectations

3. Project Design Specifications
Use Pixhawk 4 autopilot which is powered using 9V batteries
Use PX4 as an open source flight control software for drones
Use QGROUNDCONTROL as a ground control station and mission planning
1500 OEM and its accessories are powered using 5V output from the Pixhawk 4 kits.
Use RS-232 or 3.3V TTL to communicate between hardware and autopilot
Use DJI Flame Wheel F450 quadcopter

4. Block diagram level 0
.
.
.

5. Hardware and Software Requirements
.
.
.

6. Cost estimation ( 1st order)
.
.
.

7. Project timelines

